From the moment we got divorced
You and I have nothing to do with each other
Wife, who is he?
Chuyang
Let's get a divorce.
you
What do you mean by that?
After three years of marriage, you achieved nothing
You're a loser in my eyes
I won't marry you until I'm blind
So you did it for the old man?
Just chose to divorce me
So what if I was?
He can give me everything I want, can you?
Okay, I'm too lazy to talk nonsense with you
Sign quickly
Chu Yang, listen to me 77 years ago
You are lazy, I don't have time.
I don't want to hear your explanation
Oh, right.
You should be at home now, your wife
Instead of wasting time with me here
Chu Ya
Now is not the time for you to get emotional with me
Yaoyao blind
The extreme delay is enough to cure his eyes
Groom
Yaoyao's eyes
I'll find a way.
As for you
When you choose to go with that old man
She is no longer worthy to be Yaoyao's mother
No, it's not what you think.
If I hadn't left
You and Yaoyao are both in danger
I've had enough, I still have the game
Hope you later
Don't bother us anymore
I know you're still mad at me.
But Yaoyao's eyes can't hold back
Take the money
Your money.
I think it's dirty to give Yaoyao the money for eye treatment.
I will use my hands to earn my teeth
I owe you and Yaoyao these 7 years
But now I'm back.
I will do everything I can to make up for you.
If you encounter any trouble in Jiangcheng in the future
Just a phone call.
Even if you provoke the sky
I also have the ability to break the sky with you